Hi guys, in this video I want to show
you how to download and install the real
engine 5.7.3.
Okay, first thing first, let's go here
for the Epic Games. Search Epic
Games.
Double click right here
and click download.
Okay, now let's close this and open
this one. Let's install first of all the
Epic Games Marketplace. Hit install.
Yes.
Uh downloading update this.
Okay, fine.
Now the Epic Game Max place is
Let's start on now. Let's go here and
sign in with your Google account.
Hit continue.
Okay, let's choose one of them.
Okay, almost done. Continue.
You can close this uh window. Okay,
let's close.
Okay, it's the right account. Yes, it's
here. Yes. Continue.
Allow.
And fine. The big game launcher is
successfully installed. Now let's
install the Unreal Engine final version.
Let's go here to our real engine.
Go here to library
and there is engine versions. Click this
plus button.
Choose the 5.7.3.
Hit install.
Install.
Yes.
Okay, the installation is beginning of
that.
Uh it's around 10 GB
the installation is beginning 37
minutes.
Okay, the installation is finished now.
Okay, now it's installing the FOB
plugin.
Okay, fine. Quick cell bridge is
installing right now.
Okay, fine. The installation of the
engine is finished. Let's test it. Close
this.
This double click
hello
allow
a real engine editor
5.7
is realizing
Okay, fine. Let's create new project.
Click here. Create new project. Go to
games. Select third person as template.
Set project name. What do you want? And
then create and choose it. will be
create.
Okay, thank you guys for watching. This
is all for this tutorial. We are done
with this step. Okay, see you later on
in the next tutorial.